---
layout: post
title: Apps I'm Enjoying - Feb '21
slug: apps-feb21
date_published: 2021-02-24T19:00:00.000Z
date_updated: 2021-02-24T19:00:00.000Z
tags: iOS, Apps
---

**[Todoist ](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/todoist-to-do-list-tasks/id572688855)** - is what me and my girlfriend used a shared todo list app. We have a couple shared projects. One is a simple shopping list, the other is a [kanban board](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban_(development)) of things that we want to do around the house that we bought last year. 
It's a nice and pretty simple app that is free and works on both iOS for me, and Android for her. I also really like the simple widgets that it supports and I have one permanently on my Home Screen.

**[Overcast](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/overcast/id888422857)** - this continues to be the app that I use more than any other. I know I spend far too much time listening to podcasts, but this makes that simple. The latest version also includes an actually good WatchOS app so I can use it to listen to podcasts when I'm out running, meaning I don't need to take my phone with me.

**[RunGap](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/rungap-workout-data-manager/id534460198)** - a niche app that I don't think has any competitors for how I use it. The problem I had was that I want to track my runs in both Nike Running Club and Strava. I like both services and have different reasons for using each, but Nike are annoying and don't make it easy to get data into their service, or import data to the service from other apps. RunGap solves that for me. It simply pulls in runs from Nike and shares them out to Strava. A great single use app for me.

**[Dark Noise](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/dark-noise/id1465439395)** - I have mild tinnitus from my youth as a cool kid playing in a band, so when it's really quiet I can easily get a bit of a headache or just annoyed at the ringing in my ears. If I'm sitting doing something that I'd like to do in quiet, like reading or writing, I find it helpful to use some background noise. Dark Noise has a ton of sounds to choose from (including weird stuff like snoring) - but I like the campfire, or heavy rain sounds. Makes it very easy to concentrate on whatever I'm doing.

**[Instagram Threads](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/threads-from-instagram/id1473867767)** - an app that I'd not really heard of and kinda stumbled upon. It's essentially the messaging and story parts of Instagram, and removes the feed. I like it, and I've been using it to check my Instagram DMs without being pulled into scrolling endlessly through memes while I'm there. 